yeah well knocking now put them right
down make it when the court walk
everybody watchin please watch out Dean
might have adobe said LC LC bc 3 with a
bit home premium 30 so sweet i took that
but again the chili tamale to call my
name there is a little poppy of my brain
these will be smoking my friends to read
the grand back like Dino down the time
to pay the grant that we are avail taken
lost time I it is his wish is only right
that rice and back to the diver could
you make up to hang time reason in a sec
codes are cold it's West Coast West
Coast are on the right Road my hands are
cold right I've been filled between
motherly when I couldn't thank you down
the bell who dare try gonna pamper till
you see what we drop over Greenville
North Metro show them how your own head
venturi the best that ever done that LC
game time free what's that behind your
cousin embrace left town champions right
no need an asking guests important drop
the same determination and passion aha
ready for action watch out a show about
its power yeah 3 3 fo coming to DC a
freak broke field Oh for real yo a new
chick with a steel zone coin toss y'all
first ID crusher me button who's driving
down to feel like star work we could
earning nice whips hit the black till we
switch burns like my lid bring it like
me and um spike smash up your bra night
school of hard knocks with fast days
alone I mean I'm still not sure leaving
the park where yeah we just power y'all
chasey
like hail Mary full corny Castro decal d
no safety tips a cornerback it is Elsie
and the spices oh I'm sorry bribe people
in the same limit isn't the bag
but so much exactly i want ya gotta yes
Eliza like every mother
like an hour so outside help smokes or
something there's also like I've lived
in a larger force exhalation on my
bowling it will go for my midnight to
6am mm-hmm make a while breakfast do
something I mean I like off your clothes
every now and then no more like it I
really like to get out there is
something you know where you're in a
group you're laughing having fun meeting
other people that are you know what I'm
saying you're taking it take your
working every weekend carrying children
but you still want to out like something
provide that you can say well I had a
great time you know wasn't a bunch of
mass bunch of chaos on the front you
don't feel right so I have a lot of
ideally want to do something like that
and I was somewhere like on Valentine's
Day only meant for like I winter white
thing you know like I just seemed like I
didn't go to the all white misnomer did
they headed black ass go it's different
out it's just to get people more
positive around to go into this we have
to go to the club in my class
right right it is something that you
like the balance or just like a forum
where you like to reassure I'll make